the final match maybe it's not the final
match I hope it's the final match we got
a we got some zenki mr. Sikora again
zanya being played by Lee Chun mr. Chung
I'm player one sakura on the right being
played by City of Brass that's kind of
weird how they just stood there
Chun in the corner city in the corner
bodega combo from city o city goes for
me go alone short no no option select I
mean it's gonna go for a meeting oh sure
you might as well take that officer Lex
I'll just letting a sweep of course
sooo let's try dog walk more than PD for
the punish I would like to see es
running back grab that's just me danda
have to hit her on the way up dude you
too slow every time full screen neutral
jump it gets a fireball trying to tag it
with super
there you go with reset cross under pops
him up one very nice sets up a crossover
from Santiago level do focus did you get
a recent I can tell Chuck tries to mash
out an ultra misses it oh I got it that
time oh geez
sorry i was looking out on the match
Chung's take this first game get cydia
brass chakra once again to dash back SPD
working real well right now for chun
chun with that close close medium punch
into a nice green in cydia press answers
with combos of his own Aston it's a
reset that's okay gets a hard-on
hey that's a lot of hurt don't jump out
oh you did jump out you made it
Thanksgiving you know miss Livvy oh oh
man
full punish from City of Brass he
clutches this out clutches round one of
Game two you're not gonna see like half
the screen so i only commentate when the
characters on the left side Oh meeting
sweep it's probably as media as it could
be nice punishment City low clearance
into the expansion example Chuck your
excuse me doesn't matter Li Chun has got
that to him it walking back and forth
Lee Chun would really like to see sus
chakra overextend yourself so you can
chop her down
you
Harriet Oh counter hit what happened
there big city you might have been
trying to get a DPL
Wow city's real good at punishing those
books command for us hahaha what a jerk
she bad huh all right this is match
point for Chun city doesn't need this
and it shows uh-uh doesn't work second
time oh no that game over Chung's
already standing up Wow Ziggy ultraman
Chun takes Man City of Brass at the NYC
vs EMP 5v five qualifiers